Individual tree detection and ground based statistical approach for forestry application using LiDAR derived Raster
==============
https://github.com/Ruban-geoinfo/Analysis-of-spatio-Temporal-data-using-R-WS2018-19/blob/master/README.gif

This study project is focused on the Lidar acquired raster datasets and Spatio-temporal analysis.LiDAR individual tree detection (ITD) is an interactive method for measuring forest areas at a scale that is meaningful ecologically and useful for forest managers. The primary objective of this project is to find individual tree detection based on DSM (Digital Surface Model) and DTM (Digital Terrain Model) and utilize raster canopy height models from the Lidar in handling tree crowns of different sizes. However, the delineation of ITD has high accuracy for trees that are visible from above but does not reliably detect trees in lower canopy strata. ITD is more accurate for upper-canopy trees and is useful. There is a lack of practical understanding of how ITD results might vary with changes in structure. In this scenario, I have tried to apply a LiDAR-derived raster to produce high-resolution low-altitude trees, which are useful for identifying the abandoned and lower canopy.
Furthermore, compared with the ITD derived from the CHM (Canopy Height Model) based on temporal data analysis. It is useful for identifying the tree's properties, monitoring, visualization and analysis of Forest Geographical information Management. This study project also discusses the ground truth data validation compared with Lidar-derived information.